planning/user_stories.md, before:

# Project Proposal

Pod Members: **Winson Chen, Steven Salto, Andy Cordero**

## Problem Statement

Insert your groups problem statement and target audience.

## User Roles

1. Customer: A user who wants to order a meal
2. Deliverer: A user who picks up food from a restaurant and brings it to customers
3. Restaurant: A user who can claim a restaurant and customize their profile

## User Personas

1. I'm Winson from Queens, a 20 year old male and I own a smartphone. I may order food 2-3 times a week depending on convenience(Am I too busy to cook? Is my order going to take long?). Potential pain points may include having enough time to place an order and finding food fast.
2. Joseph is a 9 to 5 guy who slaves away at his computer all day. While he has money and an hour a day for lunch, he wants to discover new ways to spice up his day. Potential pain points include deciding what to eat.

## User Stories

Include at least 10 user stories.

1. **As a [user role], I want to [what], so that [why]**
1. As a customer, I want to find cheap food nearby so that I can enjoy a meal weven when I don't have a lot of money.
2. As a customer, I want to find new foods so that I can expand my palate and enjoy fads.
3. As a customer, I want to find wholesome and inexpensive food so that I can eat out with my family even with rising costs.
4. As a customer, I want to be able to see dishes that are similar so that I can learn about new dishes that I will enjoy.
5. As a customer, I want to be able to share my favorite meals, so that others can see what I like to eat.
6. As a deliverer, I want to be able to work in my neigborhood so that I don't have to travel too far.
7. As a deliverer, I want to have an easy time picking up and delivering food so that each delivery does not take too long.
8. As a deliverer, I want to be able to easily keep track of my deliveries so that I do not get confused on my route.
9. As a restaurant, I want to be able to customize my profile to attract new customers.
10. As a restaurant, I want to be able to keep track of sales so that I can see which dishes are more popular.

## Wireframe (Bonus)

Insert link or image to your group's wireframe.

Commit message:

update user personas and problem statement

planning/user_stories.md, after:

# Project Proposal

Pod Members: **Winson Chen, Steven Salto, Andy Cordero**

## Problem Statement

When there's not enough time to cook, or cooking is too much of a hassle, many people will choose to order food on a delivery app. These days, there are many apps that try to fill this niche, such as Uber Eats, Grubhub, Doordash, etc. However, with these apps also comes a multitude of different restaurants and dishes that can feel overwhelming. A solution to this problem would be to create a delivery app that also has a built in system where users can rate or comment on a specific food item, making it easier for a user to make an informed decision about a dish before they order it.

## User Roles

1. Customer: A user who wants to order a meal
2. Deliverer: A user who picks up food from a restaurant and brings it to customers
3. Restaurant: A user who can claim a restaurant and customize their profile

## User Personas

1. I'm Winson from Queens, a 20 year old male and I own a smartphone. I may order food 2-3 times a week depending on convenience(Am I too busy to cook? Is my order going to take long?). Potential pain points may include having enough time to place an order and finding food fast.
2. Joseph is a 9 to 5 guy who slaves away at his computer all day. While he has money and an hour a day for lunch, he wants to discover new ways to spice up his day. Potential pain points include deciding what to eat.
3. Bob is a sophomore in college in Ann Arbor Michigan, who wants a part time job during the school year. Because of his school's tuition, he does not have money to spare on a car, but he does have a bike. He wants to be able to have a flexible schedule to accomodate any other plans he has.
4. Sarah is a middle aged, former taxi driver from San Francisco who recently decided to change jobs. She has her own car and knowledge of the local area. However, she does not have much experience with technology due to her age and sticking to one field for so long.
5. Patrick and Amy own a family run restaurant in Austin, Texas and has enjoyed success in the past, however, due to the pandemic and inflation, not many people have been coming to their restaurant recently. They believe that by opening up a delivery option, they can attract more customers and spread their restaurant's name.
6. Georgia is the owner of several chain restuarants in New York. She wants to increase her profits by delivering food to people who may think her restaurants are too far. However, she also finds it hard sometimes to keep track of her restaurants.

## User Stories

1. As a customer, I want to find cheap food nearby so that I can enjoy a meal weven when I don't have a lot of money.
2. As a customer, I want to find new foods so that I can expand my palate and enjoy fads.
3. As a customer, I want to find wholesome and inexpensive food so that I can eat out with my family even with rising costs.
4. As a customer, I want to be able to see dishes that are similar so that I can learn about new dishes that I will enjoy.
5. As a customer, I want to be able to share my favorite meals, so that others can see what I like to eat.
6. As a deliverer, I want to be able to work in my neigborhood so that I don't have to travel too far.
7. As a deliverer, I want to have an easy time picking up and delivering food so that each delivery does not take too long.
8. As a deliverer, I want to be able to easily keep track of my deliveries so that I do not get confused on my route.
9. As a restaurant, I want to be able to customize my profile to attract new customers.
10. As a restaurant, I want to be able to keep track of sales so that I can see which dishes are more popular.

## Wireframe (Bonus)

Insert link or image to your group's wireframe.
